{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldItalicMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue7;
\red35\green255\blue6;\red255\green255\blue11;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c12195\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13800\viewh17040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README.md\
\
This is the script for the recreation of the movie Die Hard 2: Die Harder as a text adventure game\
The story will be told from the point of view of main character JOHN MCCLANE\
The code was made using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript in IntelliJ IDE\
The template for the JavaScript was obtained from __ and __ on Youtube\
Sprites were made using piskel.com\
The \'93main path\'94 that leads to the true ending follows the movie script. Divulging scenarios were created by the developers for the purpose of this game. \
Reference screenplay obtained from http://www.dailyscript.com/scripts/Die_Hard_2.pdf\
\
\
\
=======================================\
SCRIPT KEY\
\
MAXIMUM MAIN TEXT/CHOICE INPUT: 175 characters\
MAXIMUM OPTION INPUT: 190 characters\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 CHOICE\cf0 s
\f0\b0  will be denoted after story-driven events. \
\
OPTIONs will be listed under the 
\f1\b \cf3 CHOICE
\f0\b0 \cf0 , with \cf4 red OPTION\cf0  denoting a negative outcome and a \cf5 green OPTION\cf0  denoting a positive outcome. White OPTIONs are neutral choices that will progress the game without an impact on future outcomes. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6304\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 GAME OVERs 
\f0\b0 \cf2 will appear next to \cf4 OPTION\cf2 s that result in a game over. It will state 
\f1\b \cf4 which node to loop back to.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cf6 ITEMS \cf3 will be available for use throughout the game.\cf2 \
\
//notes include in-line developer notes
\f1\b \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5678\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 =======================================\
CHARACTERS\
\
\
MAIN CHARACTER: JOHN MCCLANE\
\
SECONDARY CHARACTERS (in order of appearance):\
\
IMPOUND COP\
HOLLY MCCLANE\
MILLER/COCHRANE\
LUGGAGE GUY\
\
=======================================\
ITEMS GUIDE\
\
BADGE	HAIRSPRAY\
SKI\
=======================================\
\
\
INTRO: AIRPORT TERMINAL\
\
\
You run out of the terminal doors towards the impound cop standing next to your mother-in-law\'92s new car, which is being hoisted up by a tow truck.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 CHOICE 1: You shout out to the impound cop\'85 //consequence: officer may react to conversation later\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf4 OPTION 1: \'93Hey! You better put my car down right now or else there will be hell to pay!\'94 //officer has negative opinion\
\cf3 OPTION 2: \'93Wait, I\'92m here! You can put the car down!\'94\
\
As if expecting you, he responds just before you finish your sentence, \'93Yeah, yeah. Read the sign.\'94 The tow truck lifts the car higher, putting strain on the plastic bumper.\
\
Maybe you have something on you that could convince him to listen\'85\
\
(Tutorial on how to use\cf6  ITEMS\cf3 )\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
[TUTORIAL] Throughout the story, you may come across\cf6  ITEMS \cf3 that may help you during your adventure. (How do we want to handle retrieving/using items? This will go into the tutorial instructions)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 CHOICE 2: \'93Hey, hey, wait!\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf3 OPTION 1: Pull out your \cf6 BADGE\cf3  to show to the officer //only one choice for tutorial purposes\
\
\'93See? I\'92m a cop too. LAPD. C\'92mon, it\'92s Christmas.\'94\
\
\'93Sounds like you\'92re gonna be asking Santa for another car, Mr. LAPD.\'94 The impound cop hands you a ticket and gives the okay for the truck driver to take off with your vehicle.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 CHOICE 3: Before you have a chance to respond, your pager starts going off. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf4 OPTION 1: Ignore it //it\'92s your wife, you never go to the bar or see the terrorist\cf3 \
OPTION 2: Head to the nearest pay phone to call the number.\
\
\cf4 You ignore the pager. The impound cop and the tow truck are gone. You decide to wait in the terminal for Holly. You hear loud bangs from the other side of the airport. There were bombs. [Some scenario that leads to a game over we can discuss later] 
\f1\b GAME OVER loop back to CHOICE 3\
\

\f0\b0 \cf3 You call the number from your pager. It\'92s Holly calling from the plane via airphone. She lets you know that she\'92ll land 30 minutes later than expected. \
\
You decide to head over to the bar to await Holly\'92s arrival.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 CHOICE 4: While sitting at the bar, you witness two men behaving strangely. They synchronize watches before picking up a wrapped package. One might\'92ve had a holster inside his jacket. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf3 OPTION 1: Alert the police //will be affected by how the impound cop was addressed earlier\
OPTION 2: Follow the suspicious men //skip ahead\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 =======================================\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b \cf3 IF OPTION CHOICE 4 OPTION 1, SHOW SPECIAL SCENE; ELSE SKIP 
\f3\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf3 You approach the nearest officers to report what you had witnessed. \'93Excuse me officers, I think I just saw \'97\'93\
\
One of the officers turns around. It\'92s the cop from earlier that impounded your car!\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 IF CHOICE 1 OPTION 1, DISPLAY:
\f0\b0  \'93Oh, it\'92s the wise guy again? What did you see, Santa Claus bringing you a new car?\'94 He and the other officer chortled too loudly for them to hear anything else you would say.\cf4 \

\f1\b \cf3 ELSE, DISPLAY:
\f0\b0  \'93Saw what?\'94\cf4  \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \'93It\'92s nothing,\'94 you mumble before taking off.\cf4 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 =======================================\
\
\
//Next scene: following men to luggage conveyor belt. Asking luggage guy to let you in the room (How can I convince him to let me in? Answer: key items -> show BADGE again) followed by first fight\
\
You follow the men through the crowd until they pass through a door labeled \'93NO ADMITTANCE\'94 in the luggage area. The door is now locked.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 CHOICE 5: You see a worker near the door.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf5 OPTION 1: Use item \cf6 BADGE \cf3 // skip chance encounter\
OPTION 2: \'93Hey you, open the door. Urgent police business\'94 // chance encounter\
\

\f1\b \cf5 IF OPTION 1, DISPLAY: 
\f0\b0 \cf5 You show your \cf6 BADGE\cf5  to the worker as you command, \'93Open the door, and go get the police.\'94\cf3 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 =======================================\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b \cf3 IF OPTION CHOICE 5 OPTION 2, SHOW EXTRA CONDITION TO ENTER RESTRICTED AREA; ELSE SKIP 
\f3\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf3 // if we wanted to incorporate a \'93chance\'94 or \'93roll\'94 function, this would be a good place to do so. Example: If \cf4 random number is between 1-5\cf3 , 
\f1\b \cf4 GAME OVER
\f0\b0 \cf3  and repeat negotiation. Else, \cf5 random number 6-10 can proceed\cf3 .\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 CHOICE 5A: \'93Urgent police business? Yeah right, keep it moving.\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf3 OPTION 1: [chance] Try to convince him to let you in\
\cf4 OPTION 2: Find another way in // there is no other way in, terrorists get away\
\

\f1\b \cf5 IF [chance] between 6-10\cf3 , \cf5 DISPLAY\cf3 : 
\f0\b0 \cf5 \'93Look pal, you let me in this door or we all die in a terrorist attack. Either way you better call the police.\'94\cf4 \
\

\f1\b IF OPTION 2 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 OR\cf4 \ulnone  CHANCE 1-5, DISPLAY:
\f0\b0  \'93Forget it, I don\'92t have time to argue with you\'94 you spit before looking for another way in. You run through the crowd to search for another entrance, but can\'92t find one. [Create scenario that results in] 
\f1\b GAME OVER loop back to CHOICE 5\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 =======================================
\f1\b \cf4 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf3 The worker reluctantly opens the door to the dark, cluttered room, holding a web of conveyor belts within. You make your way through the machinery until you see two figures.\
\
\'93Hey, this is a restricted area\'94 you shout, \cf6 BADGE\cf3  on display.\
\
\'93We work for the airline.\'94 
\f3\i Convincing\'85 
\f0\i0 you think to yourself. \'93Yeah? Well then, let\'92s see some ID\'92s \'97\'93 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 =======================================\
//This is the first fight scene. Only the correct path and one game over are written. We can determine diverging paths/GAME OVER scenarios after the intro scene is tested in the JS code\cf3 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 CHOICE 6: Suddenly, the two men jump aside and draw guns. They\'92re shooting!\cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf5 OPTION 1: Jump aside\cf3 \
OPTION 2: Duck\
\
\cf5 You jump out of the way onto a luggage conveyor belt that transports you above the men. As you aim your gun to shoot, they fire rounds in your direction. \
\
\cf3 As you\'92re firing your gun, a suitcase falls and knocks it out of your hands! You lose track of the men as they split up amid the chaos. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 CHOICE 7: You frantically look for your gun as luggage passes on the conveyor belt. One of the men is approaching your hiding place.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf3 OPTION 1: Continue looking for your gun, you saw it fall nearby. //possibly alternate scenario? Chance scenario to find the gun or get caught?\
\cf5 OPTION 2: Grab an item off the conveyor belt to use as a weapon\
\
You grab a \cf6 [SKI] \cf5 from the conveyor belt. You use it whack the gun out of his hand. You both land a few punches before toppling over onto another belt, causing a pile of suitcases to open.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 CHOICE 8: As you regain your footing, you see the man searching for his gun among the contents of the spilled suitcases.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf3 OPTION 1: Stop him with force by attacking him from behind //Alternate scenario\
\cf5 OPTION 2: Distract him with something from the suitcase\
\
The nearest item to you is a can of \cf6 [HAIRSPRAY]\cf5 . Just as he finds his gun and turns to aim at you, you blind him with a stream of spray\'85 that suddenly explodes? \
\
\cf3 His partner appears, shooting the can right out of your hand! Reflexively, you jump up to the belt above you to move out of the line of fire.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 CHOICE 9: The partner starts heading up to your perch. Fortunately you have the high ground, but you better think carefully about your next move. 
\f0\b0 \cf5 \
OPTION 1: Surprise him by jumping down from above\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 OPTION 2: Distract him by throwing an item\
\
\cf5 After you jump down from above, you grab him by the collar and attempt to throw him off the ledge. But he reacts so quickly that he pulls you down with him onto another moving belt below!\
\cf3 \
Both of you have lost your guns. You find yourself in a power struggle on the belt that moves ever closer towards a small hatch that is not meant to fit a person, let alone two.\
\
The belt is now too high to jump down. You punch him enough to finally gain control. He is now pinned underneath you as you both approach the end, him headfirst.
\f1\b \
\
CHOICE 10: You better make a move before you end up crushed, too. //both events lead to same resolution, the only difference is option 1 is canon
\f0\b0 \
\cf5 OPTION 1: Jump off the belt and grab onto the ledge \cf3 \
OPTION 2: Jump down into a pile of luggage below\

\f1\b \cf4 \

\f0\b0 \cf3 //either CHOICE 10 option shows this text:
\f3\i \
\

\f0\i0 His head starts getting crushed in the narrow hatch, splattering blood all over you. You wince, but there\'92s no time to react\'97 you jump off the belt and grab onto a nearby pipe. \
\
The machine smokes as the less lucky culprit twitches in the now jammed machine. But you\'92re not so lucky either...\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 =======================================\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\cf5 CHOICE 10, OPTION 1 ONLY: The pipe you grabbed onto bursts, letting out steam onto your hands that cause you to instantly let go. The wind gets knocked out of you as you slam into a pile of luggage below. //possibly have him grab a medpack or other item before falling if all other green conditions are satisfied?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 =======================================\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 But there\'92s no time to catch your breath. You see the surviving member of the pair making a run for it!\
\
It seems almost hopeless until you look around and see\'85 
\f3\i oh you\'92ve gotta be kidding me\'85\
\

\f0\i0 You hop onto a bike that was checked into luggage and ride after him. Just as you\'92re about to catch him, you hit a ledge that sends you flying into a bin full of bags! \
\
When you look up you see\'85\
\
\'93Freeze!\'94 The police holding a gun to your head.\
\
\'85and you turn behind you to watch the suspect run off.\
\
\'93Great job, asshole,\'94 you sigh. \'93I\'92m a cop and you let the bad guy get away!\'94\
\
//
\f1\b END OF INTRO
\f0\b0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf3 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf5 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}